So, my patch checks which power up Mario currently has got.
That being said, it takes use of pointers to determine
which animation is triggered.
This, however, means that my patch doesn't detect if the
power up state is beyond fire flower (last vanilla powerup
state). And no, detecting it is rather impossible.

As such, you need to add pointers for each power up because
my patch doesn't detect custom power ups (note: they WERE
supported but LX5 turned his patch into a more add-on
system rather then an all-in-one).
Anyways, in order to add pointers, you need to go to
"Actions:". There you see below it three pointers and each
of them are called as the power ups.
In order to add a power up, you add a new line right after
"dw .FireFlower", put a "dw" at the beginning, leave a
space, then add a period and then name the lable.
It doesn't matter, how you call it as long as it is valid
by Asar i.e. only all 26 letters from the basic latin
alphabet (small and big letters are valid but stuff like
accents [é, è or ê] or tremas [ä, ö or ü] are, however,
invalid) and the underline can be used* (spaces aren't
supported, btw) and Asar is case-sensitive, btw.
It is recommend to call the lable either as the power up
name or the effect name (the latter can be seen after the
semicollon in the table). Remember the order! After you have
done that, remember that if you use the former methode, you
need to add the lable name to the effect which should run.

Here is an example:
Let's say, you want to use an ice flower and its state is
4 (i.e. coming after the fire flower). In order to do
that,
dw .Mushroom	; .Shrink
dw .Cape	; .Smoke
dw .FireFlower	; .Palette
becomes either this
dw .Mushroom	; .Shrink
dw .Cape	; .Smoke
dw .FireFlower	; .Palette
dw .IceFlower	; .Palette
or that
dw .Mushroom	; .Shrink
dw .Cape	; .Smoke
dw .FireFlower	; .Palette
dw .Palette	; Ice Flower
(The comments/ semi-collons and stuff right to it are
optional but they can help you to refind the correct
power up/ effect.)

If you use the former methode then remember to go there:
.Palette
.FireFlower
and add the lable you used at the table (i.e. in this case
".IceFlower")
.Palette
.FireFlower
.IceFlower
The "dw" isn't needed because it isn't a pointer but these
marks position where the JSR should jump to.

Another side note: Advanced ASMers can add more effects.
I haven't included with them because there are only three
power ups in the vanilla game. In fact, I would say that
these three effects are enough and coding a new animation
(would) require(s) some other hijacks.

*There are a few special characters which can be only used
by special lbles. In this case, the lables with a period
at the beginning are an example because these makes regular
lables "sublables" i.e. their namespace is the last main
lable (without a period).